Despite the progress we have made in coming back from the Great Recession, we face a set of core challenges to building an economy that works for everyone including a political system that is doing too little to help working Americans, an economic system that encourages too many corporations to favor short-term profits over long-term investments, and outdated workplace policies that aren not  meeting the needs of modern families. We have a five-point plan to meet these challenges:

A 100-days jobs plan: Break through Washington gridlock to make the boldest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II.

 We will fight to pass a plan in our first 100 days in office to invest in infrastructure, manufacturing, research and technology, clean energy, and small businesses. We will strengthen trade enforcement, and we will say no to trade deals like TPP that do not meet a high enough bar of creating good-paying jobs. And we will make the U.S. the clean energy superpower of the world with half a billion solar panels installed by the end of our first term and enough clean, renewable energy to power every home in America within 10 years of her taking office.

 Make debt free college available to all Americans. We will make college debt-free, and we will provide relief for Americans with existing debt by allowing them to refinance their student loans.

 Rewrite the rules so that more companies share profits with employees and fewer ship profits and jobs overseas. We will reward companies that share profits and invest in their workers, and we will raise the minimum wage to a living wage.  We will crack down on companies that shift profits overseas to avoid paying U.S. taxes, and we will make companies that export jobs give back the tax breaks the have received in America. We will defend existing Wall Street reform and push for new measures to strengthen it.

Make certain that corporations, the wealthy, and Wall Street pay their fair share.
We will pay for our economic priorities and avoid adding to the national debt by ensuring the wealthiest Americans and the biggest corporations pay their fair share. For example, we will fight for the Buffett Rule, close the carried interest loophole, and impose a new surcharge on multi-millionaires and billionaires.

Enact policies that meet the challenges families face in the 21st-century economy.

We will make it possible for parents to succeed at work and at home by updating outdated laws so they match how families work today. We will fight for equal pay and guarantee paid leave, two changes that are long overdue. And we will provide relief from the rising costs of necessities like child care and housing, while taking steps to provide Americans with greater retirement and health care security.
